doc: clarity to available addon options (#55715)
nodejs/node: doc/api/addons.md

[`require()`][require] function can load addons as ordinary Node.js modules.
Addons provide an interface between JavaScript and C/C++ libraries.

There are three options for implementing addons:

* Node-API
* `nan` ([Native Abstractions for Node.js][])
* direct use of internal V8, libuv, and Node.js libraries

> Unless there is a need fordirect access to functionality which is not exposed by Node-API, use Node-API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless there is a need for direct access to functionality which is not exposed by Node-API, use Node-API.
```
